README.md, before:

# leafhopper
Do you get asked for a list of open source projects you used in the project for legal review?

`leafhopper` is a command line tool used for generating a table of dependencies for a project, so that you don't have to manually maintain such a list.

# how it works
The tool parses the project descriptor, based on different project type (`poetry`/`maven`/`vcpkg` are supported currently), and generates a table of dependencies. When some critical information, such as license, is not available in the project descriptor, `leafhopper` will test if this is a github/sourceforge project and try loading relevant information from github.com/sourceforge.net.

# installation
`pip install leafhopper`

# usage
`leafhopper /path/to/project/descriptor`
## arguments
* `--format`: the format of the output. Possible values are `markdown`/`html`/`json`/`latex`/`csv`. Default is `markdown`.
* `--output`: the output file path. If not specified, the output will be printed to stdout.
* `--logging-level`: the logging level. Possible values are `debug`/`info`/`warning`/`error`/`critical`. Default is `info`. 
  * Set the logging level to above `info` (e.g. `error`) to supress non critical messages so that only table is printed to stdout (if no output file is specified).
  * Set the logging level to `debug` to enable debug messages.

## example
1. extract `pyproject.toml` dependencies with markdown format and save it into `dependencies.md` file
`leafhopper /path/to/pyproject.toml --format=markdown --output=dependencies.md`


2. suppress logging and output to stdout and use CLI tool [`glow`](https://github.com/charmbracelet/glow) to display it
```
leafhopper /path/to/vcpkg.json --format md --logging-level error | glow -
```

# supported formats
* markdown
* LaTex
* html
* json
* csv

# supported project types
* poetry project described by `pyproject.toml`
    * https://python-poetry.org/docs/pyproject/    
* maven project described by `pom.xml`
    * https://maven.apache.org/pom.html
* vcpkg project described by `vcpkg.json`
    * https://vcpkg.readthedocs.io/en/latest/specifications/manifests/
* more project types such as npm will be supported in the future

Commit message:

Support maven pom without namespace.

README.md, after:

# leafhopper
Do you get asked for a list of open source projects you used in the project for legal review?

`leafhopper` is a command line tool used for generating a table of dependencies for a project, so that you don't have to manually maintain such a list.

# how it works
The tool parses the project descriptor, based on different project type (`poetry`/`maven`/`vcpkg` are supported currently), and generates a table of dependencies. When some critical information, such as license, is not available in the project descriptor, `leafhopper` will test if this is a github/sourceforge project and try loading relevant information from github.com/sourceforge.net.

# installation
```
pip install leafhopper
```

# usage
```
leafhopper /path/to/project/descriptor
```

## arguments
* `--format`: the format of the output. Possible values are `markdown`/`html`/`json`/`latex`/`csv`. Default is `markdown`.
* `--output`: the output file path. If not specified, the output will be printed to stdout.
* `--logging-level`: the logging level. Possible values are `debug`/`info`/`warning`/`error`/`critical`. Default is `info`. 
  * Set the logging level to above `info` (e.g. `error`) to supress non critical messages so that only table is printed to stdout (if no output file is specified).
  * Set the logging level to `debug` to enable debug messages.

## examples
1. extract `pyproject.toml` dependencies with markdown format and save it into `dependencies.md` file
```
leafhopper /path/to/pyproject.toml --output=dependencies.md
```

2. extract `pom.xml` dependencies with html format
```
leaphopper /path/to/pom.xml --format=html
```


2. suppress logging and output to stdout and use CLI tool [`glow`](https://github.com/charmbracelet/glow) to display it
```
leafhopper /path/to/vcpkg.json --format md --logging-level error | glow -
```

# supported formats
* markdown
* LaTex
* html
* json
* csv

# supported project types
* poetry project described by `pyproject.toml`
    * https://python-poetry.org/docs/pyproject/    
* maven project described by `pom.xml`
    * https://maven.apache.org/pom.html
    * `pom.xml` with or without Maven XML namespace are supported.
* vcpkg project described by `vcpkg.json`
    * https://vcpkg.readthedocs.io/en/latest/specifications/manifests/
* more project types such as npm will be supported in the future

# Changelog
[Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)
